---
startDate: 2021-01-19
endDate: 2021-03-31
searchable: false
---

# Promotion Terms and Conditions

## COCA-COLA / AFS / ARO JEEP SWEEPSTAKES

COCA-COLA / AFS / ARO JEEP SWEEPSTAKES OFFICIAL RULES NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING 1. ELIGIBILITY: The Coca-Cola / AFS / ARO Jeep Sweepstakes is open only to legal residents of Utah, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Wyoming, and Colorado who are 18 years of age or older at the time of entry. Employees of Swire Coca-Cola, USA (“Sponsor”) and its “Promotional Participants” (i.e., The Coca-Cola Company, Coca-Cola Bottlers, Associated Food Stores Corporate and independently owned participating grocer retail locations, Larry H. Miller Dealerships, Gage Marketing Group, LLC and each of their respective parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, and suppliers involved in this promotion) and their immediate family members (mother, father, sister, brother, husband, wife, daughter, son, step-father, step-mother, step-daughter, step-son, step-brother, step-sister, half-brother, half-sister) and/or those living in the same household of each are not eligible to enter or win a prize. Void outside of Utah, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Wyoming, Colorado, and where prohibited by law. This Sweepstakes is subject to all federal, state and local laws and regulations. Past winners whose prize winnings exceed $600 in the previous twelve (12) months, whether in one or more sweepstakes presented and/or sponsored by Swire Coca-Cola, USA, are not eligible to enter or win a prize in this promotion. 2. AGREEMENT TO OFFICIAL RULES: By participating in this Sweepstakes, entrant fully and unconditionally agrees to and accepts these Official Rules and the decisions of the Sponsor, which are final and binding in all matters related to the Sweepstakes. 3. TWO WAYS TO ENTER: A. Beginning at 12:00:00 AM Mountain Time (MT) on 1/20/21 until 11:59:59 PM MT on 3/2/21 (the “Sweepstakes Period”), each time you visit a participating Associated Food Store Grocery Retailer and purchase $15 worth of any products of The Coca-Cola Company in one single transaction (plus tax, CRV and deposit as applicable) and provide your phone number associated with your Rewards Card account at checkout, you will receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes. Limit one (1) entry per transaction. If you don’t have a Rewards account, you can enroll, free of cost, at participating Associated Foods Corporate or independently owned participating location in store or online. B. To enter without making a purchase, on a plain piece of 3” x 5” paper, hand print your complete name, street address (no P.O. Boxes), city, state, ZIP code, daytime phone number and age. (If you do not have a phone, indicate “No Phone.” Failure to comply with this or any other Official Rule will result in disqualification.) Mail entry in a hand addressed, business-size (#10) envelope with first-class postage affixed, to: Coca-Cola / AFS / ARO Jeep Sweepstakes, Swire Coca-Cola, Marketing Dept., 12634 S 265 W, Draper, UT 84020. Entries must be postmarked by 3/2/21 and received by 3/8/21. Limit one (1) entry per stamped envelope. No mechanically reproduced entries permitted. Illegible and/or incomplete entries are void. 4. RANDOM DRAWING/WINNER NOTIFICATION: Potential prize winner will be selected in a random drawing held on or about 3/19/21 from among all eligible entries received. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received. Potential winner will be notified by phone and/or express courier. Potential prize winner must sign and return an Affidavit of Eligibility/Release of Liability form within five (5) days of notification. Return of any prize/prize notification as undeliverable will result in disqualification and an alternate winner may be selected. 5. PRIZE & APPROXIMATE RETAIL VALUE (“ARV”): One (1) Prize – a new 2019 Jeep Renegade Sport Upland 4x4 and a $500 AFS/ARO Rewards credit. ARV: $26,905. Actual value depends on installed options. The difference between Approximate Retail Value and actual cost will not be awarded. Color and options package will be determined by Sponsor. Prize must be accepted as awarded. Prize is awarded “AS IS” with no warranty, representation, or guarantee, express or implied, in fact or in law, made by Sponsor or for which Sponsor shall be liable, including, without limitation, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Prize Winner must have a valid U.S. driver’s license and proof of vehicle insurance to accept the Jeep; failure to present a valid driver’s license or proof of insurance may result in prize forfeiture and selection of an alternate winner. Winner will be responsible for applicable tax, title, license and fees and all optional equipment and insurance fees required for receipt and use of the Jeep. Prize winner will be issued an IRS Form 1099 for the retail value of the prize and is advised to seek independent counsel regarding the tax implications of acceptance of the prize. Gift Card is not redeemable or exchangeable for cash and is subject to all terms and conditions of use as established by issuer. Sponsor is not responsible for lost or stolen gift card, which will not be replaced. Prize consists of only the items specifically listed as the prize. No cash redemption, substitution, or transfer of prize by winner permitted. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute any prize of equal or greater value. All federal, state and local taxes are the sole responsibility of winner. 6. PUBLICITY: Except where prohibited, participation in the Sweepstakes constitutes entrant’s consent for Sponsor, to use winner’s name, likeness, prize information, city and state of residence for promotional purposes in any media without further consideration. 7. RELEASE AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY/GENERAL RULES: Except where prohibited, by participating in this Sweepstakes, entrants agree to release and hold harmless, Swire Coca-Cola, USA, The Coca-Cola Company, Coca-Cola Bottlers, participating Associated Food Store Grocery Retailers, Larry H. Miller Dealerships, Gage Marketing Group, LLC and their respective parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, promotional partners, representatives, shareholders, successors, assigns, agents and agencies, and the officers, directors and employees of them (the “Released Parties”) from and against any claim or cause of action arising out of participation or attempt to participate in the Sweepstakes or receipt or use of any prize, or any prize related activity, including, but not limited to: (a) unauthorized human intervention in the Sweepstakes; (b) technical errors related to computers, electronic network, computer or data transmission errors, outdated or incorrect data or for electronic, network or computer/scanner failures or malfunctions, cards scanned incorrectly, or other technical errors of any kind; (c) printing errors; incorrect announcements of any kind; (d) errors in the administration of the Sweepstakes or the processing of entries; lost, late, damaged, delayed, incomplete, unintelligible or misdirected entries, postage due entries or entries not received by the entry deadline; or (e) injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused directly or indirectly, in whole or in part from entrant’s participation in the Sweepstakes or receipt, use or misuse of any prize or prize related activity or travel. Entrant further agrees that in any cause of action, the Released Parties’ liability will be limited to the cost of entering and participating in the Sweepstakes and in no event shall the Released Parties be liable for attorney’s fees. Entrant waives the right to claim any damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, punitive, consequential, direct, or indirect damages. If for any reason an entrant’s entry is confirmed to have been erroneously deleted, lost, or otherwise destroyed or corrupted, entrant’s sole remedy is another Sweepstakes entry, if it is possible. Sponsor reserves the right to cancel or modify the promotion if fraud, misconduct or technical failures destroy the integrity of the promotion or if a computer virus, bug, or other technical problem corrupts the administration, security, or proper administration of the program as determined by Sponsor, in its sole discretion. If entry via Rule 3A is so cancelled, prize will be awarded in a random drawing from among all eligible entries received via the Rule 3A prior to the time of termination and all eligible entries received via Rule 3B. For purposes of determining eligibility and awarding prize, entries made via the Rule 3A will be declared made by the authorized account holder, regardless of who actually made the purchase. A potential winner may be requested to provide Sponsor with proof that the participant is the authorized account holder of the rewards phone number associated with the selected entry. Any use of robotic, automatic, programmed or the like methods of participation will void all submissions by such methods. No more than the stated number of prizes will be awarded. All materials submitted become the property of the Sponsor and will not be returned. In the event there is a discrepancy or inconsistency between disclosures or other statements contained in any Sweepstakes promotional materials and the terms and conditions of these Official Rules, these Official Rules shall prevail and govern. 8. DISPUTES: Entrant agrees that: (a) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Sweepstakes or any prizes awarded shall be resolved individually, without resorting to any form of class action, and exclusively by the United States District Court for Salt Lake City, Utah or the appropriate Utah State Court; and (b) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering any Promotion, but in no event attorneys' fees. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the entrant and Sponsor’s in connection with the Sweepstakes, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Utah, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules (whether of the State of Utah or any other jurisdiction), which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Utah. 9. NAME OF WINNER: For the name of the winner, available after 3/22/21, send a separate, self-addressed, stamped (#10) envelope to: Coca-Cola / AFS / ARO Jeep Sweepstakes Win List, Swire Coca-Cola, Marketing Dept., 12634 S 265 W, Draper, UT 84020, to be received by 3/31/21. 10. SPONSOR: Swire Coca-Cola, USA, 12634 S 265 W, Draper, UT 84020. The Coca-Cola Company is not a sponsor of this Sweepstakes. ADMINISTRATOR: Gage Marketing Group, LLC, 10000 Highway 55, Minneapolis, MN 55441. 11. For California residents: Through the use of third parties, Swire Coca-Cola USA will use the supplied personal information for the purpose of this particular marketing program. The winner’s information is retained for a twelve (12) month period for tax purposes only. Swire Coca-Cola USA will not retain or disclose your information for any other purpose. Abbreviated Rules NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. Open only to all residents of UT, ID, MT, NV, WY, and CO, and 18+ years old at time of entry. Void outside UT, ID, MT, NV, WY, CO, & where prohibited by law. Past winners whose prize winnings exceed $600 in the previous 12 months, whether in 1 or more sweepstakes presented and/or sponsored by Swire Coca-Cola, USA, are not eligible to enter or win a prize in this promotion. Sweepstakes starts 1/20/21 & ends 3/2/21. To enter without making a purchase, on a 3” x 5” paper, print name, address (no P.O. Boxes), phone number & age and mail to: Coca-Cola / AFS / ARO Jeep Sweepstakes, Swire Coca-Cola, Marketing Dept., 12634 S 265 W, Draper, UT 84020, to be postmarked by 3/2/21 and received by 3/8/21. Subject to complete Official Rules posted at participating stores and at www.swirecc.com/AFSJeepSweep. Sponsor: Swire Coca-Cola, USA, Draper, UT. SUPER Abbreviated Rules NO PURCH NEC. All residents of UT, ID, MT, NV, WY, CO, and 18+ years old. VOID WHERE PROHIB. Ends 3/2/21. To enter without making a purchase, on a 3” x 5” paper, print name, address (no P.O. Boxes), phone number & age and mail to Coca-Cola / AFS / ARO Jeep Sweepstakes, Swire Coca-Cola, Marketing Dept., 12634 S 265 W, Draper, UT 84020, to be postmarked by 3/2/20 and received by 3/8/20. Subject to complete Official Rules posted at participating stores and at www.swirecc.com/AFSJeepSweep. Sponsor: Swire Coca-Cola, USA, Draper, UT

No Purchase Necessary.
